I was probably the first kid ever excited for summer to be over. There was too much free time that summer, which can lead to too much thinking; especially for a loss-tricken eleven-year-old. I couldn't wait for seventh grade to start. Todivide into schoolwork. To distract myself from the loneliest facts. At one point, I regretted turning down Dad's offer to spend the summer in Ireland with Mom's family. But I knew that if I went, there would be reminders of her everywhere. Not like there wasn't one every time I looked in the mirror. So the only escape I had was school. When I got the message that I was to report to the main office before class, I was worried I'd be faced with another year of forced visits with the school counselor, looks of pity from my fellow classmates, and well-meaning but oblivious faculty members who kept telling me it was "important to keep her memory alive". Like I could ever forget her. I wasn't ready for any additional drama that morning. It was ready the firs day of a new school year since. "Do you want me to go with you, Macallan?" Emily asked after I received my summons to the office. A tight smile on her face gave away the concern she thought she was hiding. She studied me for a second before adjusting my hair clip. I gave her a reassuring smile and kept it on my face as I entered the office. Principal Blaska greeted me with a hug. "Welcome back, Macallan! How was yout summer?" "Great" I lied. We both stares at each other, neither knowing what to say next. "Well, I'm going to need your assistance today with a new student. Meet Levi Rodgers - he's from Los Angeles!" I looked over and saw this boy with long blond hair pulled into a low ponytail. His hair was even longer than mine. He tucked a loose strand behind his ear before he reached out his hand and said, "hey". I had to give him credit - at least he had manners...for a surfer dude. Principal Blaska handed me his schedule. "Could you show him around and take him to his first class?" "Of course" I led Levi out into the hallway and started giving him the five-cent tour. A few friends passed by to say hello, everuone checking out the new guy. Our school was fairly small; the majority of us had been together since fifth grade, if not kindergarten. I stole another glance at him. It was hard to decipher if he was cute. His hair was practically white in places, probably from the sun. His tan made his light hair and pale eyes stick our even more - but this wouldn't be for very long, since in Winsconsin we rarely see the sun past August. Levi had on a checkered button-down paired with long cargo shorts and flip-flops. It was as if he couldn't decide whether to dress up or be casual. I luckily had Emily to help me pick out my firs day of school outfit that day: a bright yellow and white striped sundress with a withe cardigan. I was so thankful that I had a girly girl friend like Emily. My dad, as much as he tried, couldn't really hel me out with thing like hair, clothes, and makeup. If left to his own devices, I'd wear jeans, sneakers, and a Green Bay Packets T-shirt every day, and eat pizza for every meal. And Emily was a girl as you could get. She was easily one of the prettiest girls in our class, with long, shiny jet black hair, and dark brown eyes. She also had the best clothes, and I was so glad we were the same size so I could borrow them, although se was alredy way more developed than I was. At least I would have someone to go to once I needed a bra. I couldn't even imagine how awkward that would be for Dad. For both us.I gave Levu a quick smile, hoping to undo some of the rudeness from the morning. He returned with a sad wave. I paused for a second, and in that second, I notice the look of gratitude on Levi's face. He was expecting me to sit with him or the least invite him over. I hesitated, unsure what to do. I didn't want to play babysister, but I laso knew what it was like be alone. And scared. We talked a little more about summers, and when it was time to go, I made sure Levi knew where he was going next. It was pretty cool to have someone around here who didn't like the same things as everybody else. Uncle Adam was waiting for me after school to take me home. He was always excited to see me, even if he'd dropped me off only a few hours ago. Levi was getting into an SUV with a woman I assumed was his mom. He said something to her and she started to walk over to us. With some reluctance, he followed. A knot began to form tightly in my stomach. I always got defensive whenever anybody met Adam for the first time. I stood there silently for a few seconds. I was used to Mudwestern politeness, but here was a woman whod just moved to town and I'd just met, and she was alredy offerind her home to me. And she was doing it out of niceness, not because she knew about the accident. Levi pointed to the button on his bag, his eyebrow arching in a playful manner. I imagined us watching Buggy and Floyd together. I do, I mouthed back. The two adults echanged phone numbers. The negative me said Levi's mom was doing this because she thought my uncle was unfit to look after me. The positive me said she was a nice person who wanted her son to have friends.